1. How would you define machine learning?
	Machine learning is the field of study that gives the computers the ability to learn without being
	explicitly programmed.

2. Can you name four types of applications where it shines?
	a. Anomaly detection
	b. Speech recognition
	c. Analyzing images
	d. Recommender systems 
	e. Detecting brain tumors
	f. Predicting company's revenue
	
3. What is a labeled training set?
	A training set in which the 'right answers' called labels are provided with the examples. For example,
	feeding the model with a dataset that contains millions of emails. Each email is labeled
	either spam or not. This type of training sets is used in supervised learning. 
	
4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
	a. Regression
	b. Classification
	
5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
	a. Clustering
	b. Dimensionality reduction
	c. Anomaly detection
	d. Association rule learning
	
6. What type of algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?
	Reinforcement learning will perform best Since this is the type of problems that reinforcement learning
	tackles. 
	
7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?
	Clustering algorithms can be used if you don't know how to define your group. If you have an idea
	about how you want to define your groups, you can use a classification system (supervised learning)
	and feed it with many examples of each group.
	
8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
	It is a task of supervised learning.
	
9. What is an online learning system?
	It is a type of learning systems in which you can train the system incrementally by feeding it data
	instances sequentially in small groups. This way, the system can learn from the new data on the fly. Online
	learning is useful when you need to partition a large data set that can't fit the into 
	the machine's main memory into smaller batches. The algorithm loads part of the data, trains on it, then 
	repeats until the entire data set is exhausted.
	
10. What is out-of-core learning?
	It is when you divide a large data set that can't fit into one machine's main memory into smaller sets and make
	the out-of-core learning algorithm learn from this mini-batches.
	
11. What type of algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?
	Instance based learning. The system learns the examples by heart then generalizes to new cases by using a 
	similarity measure to compare them to the learned examples. 

	
12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a model hyperparameter?
	Model parameters are the parameters of a model (i.e. linear regression model) that will make the model
	best fit the training data and make good predictions on the new data. For example, the slope and the 
	intercept of a linear model.
	Hyperparameters are the parameters that are used to control the constraints on a model. In other words, it
	is the amount of regulariztion to be applied. It is a parameter of the learning algorithm itself not the model.
	It is set prior to training and remains constant during the training.

	
13. What do model-based algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?
	Model-based algorithms search for the optimal values for the parameters so that the model will 
	gerneralize well to new instances. They use a techniques to minimize the cost functions that measure
	how bad the system is at making predictions on new instances. To make predictions, the new
	instances are fed to the prediction function using the optimal parameter values.
	

14. Can you name four of the main challenges in machine learning?
	a. Overfitting
	b. Underfitting
	c. Irrelevant features
	d. Poor data quality
	e. Insufficient quantity of data
	f. Non-representative training data
	
	
15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, 
what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?
	If the model performs well on the training data but generalizes poorly this means that
	overfitting has occurred. To solve this:
	a. Constraining the model to make it simpler through regularization.
	b. Reduce the noise in the training data
	c. Gather more training data


16. What is a test set, and why would you want to use it?
	A test set is part of the overall data set. The model is tested on the test set. By evaluating the 
	model on the test set, you get an estimate of the generalization error telling you how well your
	model will perform on instances it has never seen before.
	

17. What is the purpose of a validation set?
	It is used to evaluate several candidate models and select the best one. You train multiple 
	models on the reduced training set, and you select the model the performs best on the
	validation set. You then train the best model on the full data set.


18. What is the train-dev set, when do you need it, and how do you use it?
	If you observe that the model performance on the validation set is disappointing, you will
	not know whether this occurred because of data mismatch or the model has overfit the training
	data. One way to solve this is to hold out some of the training examples, called train-dev set,
	and train the model on the training set then evaluate it on the train-dev set. If it performs poorly
	, then it must have overfit the training data, so you should try to simplify the model. If it peroforms
	well on the train-dev set, then you can evaluate it on the validation set. If it performs poorly, then
	the problem must be with data mismatch.


19. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?
	It will cause the problem of overfitting to the test data.

	









	  
